# Basic web app for moving boxes

An extremely simple web app to handle the following flow:

- pack a box (you have to do that yourself)
- take one or more pictures of the interior
- give it title and description
- estimate its value
- submit all this to a server and save it in a database
- print multiple labels with a QR code sending you to the server

In other words, a glorified spreadsheet + MailMerge (or whatever they call it
these days) with a few advantages:

- you can take the pictures directly from your phone
- the input data is at least partially valildated before submission
- QR codes *should* allow checking the contents of a box in the middle of a
  stack without having to take it down first

And of course, you can pull the data out and use it to generate required customs
forms, etc.

## Implementation

This is a very boring classic server-side appliation. I am *not* a front-end
guy, and it shows. On the other hand this was quick to write and surprisingly
good fun, probably because I haven't done any frontend work in a year or so.
The site won't get any traffic anyway.

The ultimate goal is to get the data onto the server for later processing. I
should probably have used real columns, but everything is just dumped into json,
except the id which is autogenerated.

## Deployment

If you want to play with this you'll need to deploy it at some domain you
control (which had better not be at home, given the purpose of the app...), edit
`moving/constants.py` to correct your server name, and tweak things to your
liking. But in reality you probably want to build your own; I'm surprised there
isn't an off-the-shelf offering, at least that I could find. Most everything
could be done in the browser and a neat idea would be to use google sheets as a
storage backend, so the data was all ready to go for whatever you wanted to do
with it later. Lookups would probably be quite slow, however.
